Canvas Flow GA (#3713)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/managing_canvases/change_your_canvas_after_launch.md

- Canvas variants 
- Connections between Canvas steps

If you want to edit or add more components to your Canvas user journey, the following details will apply:

- Users who haven't entered the Canvas yet are eligible for any newly created components. 
- If your Canvas entry settings allow users to re-enter steps, users who have already passed newly created steps are eligible to re-enter.
- Users who are currently in a launched Canvas, but haven't reached the points of the user journey where new steps are added, are eligible to recieve those newly added steps. 

If you delete a [Delay]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/delay_step/) or [Action Paths]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/action_paths/) component, you can optionally redirect the users currently waiting in the step into another Canvas step. For Delays, users will remain in the step until the end of the delay period. For Action Paths, users will remain in the step until the end of the evaluation window.

See the [Canvas Flow](#canvas-flow) section for some best practices for specific editing use cases. 

{% endtab %}

{% tab Original Canvas Editor %}

> You cannot edit or delete existing connections, and cannot insert a component between existing connected steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't edit or delete existing connections, and can't insert a component between existing connected steps. 
```

If you want to edit or add more components to your Canvas user journey, the following details will apply:

- Users who haven't entered the Canvas yet are eligible for any newly created components. 
- If your Canvas entry settings allow users to re-enter steps, users who have already passed newly created steps are eligible to re-enter.
- Users who are currently in a launched Canvas, but haven't reached the points of the user journey where new steps are added, are eligible to recieve those newly added steps. 

If you update the **Delay** or **Window** settings for a Canvas step, only new users entering the Canvas and users that haven't been queued for that step yet will receive the message at the updated delay. If a Delay component is the last step in the Canvas, users who reach that step are automatically advanced out of the Canvas and won't receive any newly created steps. 

{% alert note %}

> Stopping a Canvas won’t flush users who are waiting to receive messages. If you re-enable the Canvas and users are still waiting for the message, they will receive it (unless the time they should’ve been sent the message has passed, then they won’t receive it).

Reviewer: We use this phrase in the Stopping Canvases section below, which I think is a little less jargon-y 🤔 

```suggestion
Stopping a Canvas will not exit users who are waiting to receive a message. If you re-enable the Canvas and users are still waiting for the message, they will receive it (unless the time they should’ve been sent the message has passed, then they won’t receive it).
```

{% endalert %}

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Canvas details

You can edit these Canvas settings and information after a Canvas launches using either editor (the original or Canvas Flow): 
* Canvas name and description
* Teams and tags
* Entry type, schedule, and controls
* Subscription status
* Rate limiting
* Frequency capping
* Quiet Hours
* Target audience

> You cannot edit conversaion events after a Canvas has launched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't edit conversion events after a Canvas has launched.
```

If the variant percentages change, users may be redistributed to other variants. Users will stay in these variants until percentages are modified again. Note that for Canvases using branching with `NOT` filters with random bucket numbers, users may not receive the same branch each time in their user journey when they re-enter the Canvas.

#### Control groups

Control groups remain consistent if the variant percentage is unchanged. Users who previously received messages cannot enter the control group on a later send, nor can any user in the control group ever receive a message.

### Local send time

Canvases scheduled to launch at a local send time can be edited up to 24 hours prior to the scheduled send time. This window is called the "safe zone". 

{% alert tip %}
If you intend to make larger edits that lead to creating a new Canvas copy entirely, remember to exclude users who received the first Canvas and re-adjust the Canvas schedule times to allow for time zone sending.
{% endalert %}

> ## Canvas Flow

Reviewer 2: Maybe link in best practices section?
